then it was when the wall was built and
then it was when the wall was built and I had hung the doors when the
I had hung the doors when the
I had hung the doors when the gatekeepers the singers and the Levites
gatekeepers the singers and the Levites
gatekeepers the singers and the Levites had been appointed that I gave the
had been appointed that I gave the
had been appointed that I gave the charge of Jerusalem to my brother Hanina
charge of Jerusalem to my brother Hanina
charge of Jerusalem to my brother Hanina and Hananiah the leader of the Citadel
and Hananiah the leader of the Citadel
and Hananiah the leader of the Citadel for he was a faithful man and feared God
for he was a faithful man and feared God
for he was a faithful man and feared God more than many and I said to them do not
more than many and I said to them do not
more than many and I said to them do not let the gates of Jerusalem be opened
let the gates of Jerusalem be opened
let the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the Sun is hawk and while they
until the Sun is hawk and while they
until the Sun is hawk and while they stand guard let them shut and bar the
stand guard let them shut and bar the
stand guard let them shut and bar the doors and appoint guards from among the
doors and appoint guards from among the
doors and appoint guards from among the inhabitants of Jerusalem one at his
inhabitants of Jerusalem one at his
inhabitants of Jerusalem one at his watch station and another in front of
watch station and another in front of
watch station and another in front of his own house now the city was large and
his own house now the city was large and
his own house now the city was large and spacious but the people in it were few
spacious but the people in it were few
spacious but the people in it were few and the houses were not rebuilt then my
and the houses were not rebuilt then my
and the houses were not rebuilt then my god put it into my heart to gather the
god put it into my heart to gather the
god put it into my heart to gather the nobles the rulers and the people that
nobles the rulers and the people that
nobles the rulers and the people that they might be registered by genealogy
they might be registered by genealogy
they might be registered by genealogy and I found a register of the genealogy
and I found a register of the genealogy
and I found a register of the genealogy of those who had come up in the first
of those who had come up in the first
of those who had come up in the first return and found written in it these are
return and found written in it these are
return and found written in it these are the people of the province who came back
the people of the province who came back
the people of the province who came back from the captivity of those who had been
from the captivity of those who had been
from the captivity of those who had been carried away who never kanessa the king
carried away who never kanessa the king
carried away who never kanessa the king of Babylon had carried away and who
of Babylon had carried away and who
of Babylon had carried away and who returned to Jerusalem and Judah every
returned to Jerusalem and Judah every
returned to Jerusalem and Judah every one to his City those who came with
one to his City those who came with
one to his City those who came with zerubabbel where Joshua Nehemiah Azariah
zerubabbel where Joshua Nehemiah Azariah
zerubabbel where Joshua Nehemiah Azariah Rama nay Jimena Mordecai Vil Shang miss
Rama nay Jimena Mordecai Vil Shang miss
Rama nay Jimena Mordecai Vil Shang miss Pyrrha big VI me home and baiana the
Pyrrha big VI me home and baiana the
Pyrrha big VI me home and baiana the number of the men of the people of
number of the men of the people of
number of the men of the people of Israel the sons of Parrish 2,170 to the
Israel the sons of Parrish 2,170 to the
Israel the sons of Parrish 2,170 to the sons of japheth ayah 372 the sons of
sons of japheth ayah 372 the sons of
sons of japheth ayah 372 the sons of Aaron 652 the sons of Japheth Moab of
Aaron 652 the sons of Japheth Moab of
Aaron 652 the sons of Japheth Moab of the sons of Jesse oh and Joab 2818 the
the sons of Jesse oh and Joab 2818 the
the sons of Jesse oh and Joab 2818 the sons of Elam 1254 the sons of sattu 845
sons of Elam 1254 the sons of sattu 845
sons of Elam 1254 the sons of sattu 845 the sons of Zakai 760 the sons of inui
the sons of Zakai 760 the sons of inui
the sons of Zakai 760 the sons of inui 640
640 eight the sons of B by 628 the sons of
eight the sons of B by 628 the sons of
eight the sons of B by 628 the sons of asgard 2322 the sons of odin acum 667
asgard 2322 the sons of odin acum 667
asgard 2322 the sons of odin acum 667 the sons of big VI 2067 the sons of aden
the sons of big VI 2067 the sons of aden
the sons of big VI 2067 the sons of aden 655 the sons of ATAR of hezekiah
655 the sons of ATAR of hezekiah
655 the sons of ATAR of hezekiah 98 the sons of Heysham 328 the sons of
98 the sons of Heysham 328 the sons of
98 the sons of Heysham 328 the sons of bzi 324 the sons of Harith 112 the sons
bzi 324 the sons of Harith 112 the sons
bzi 324 the sons of Harith 112 the sons of Gibeon 95 the men of Bethlehem and of
of Gibeon 95 the men of Bethlehem and of
of Gibeon 95 the men of Bethlehem and of Natoma 188 the men of anitha 128 the men
Natoma 188 the men of anitha 128 the men
Natoma 188 the men of anitha 128 the men of Beth as Mavis 42 the men of
of Beth as Mavis 42 the men of
of Beth as Mavis 42 the men of kiriath-jearim kathira and the Erath 743
kiriath-jearim kathira and the Erath 743
kiriath-jearim kathira and the Erath 743 the men of Rhema and kiba 621 the men of
the men of Rhema and kiba 621 the men of
the men of Rhema and kiba 621 the men of mikvahs 122 the men of Bethel and AI 123
mikvahs 122 the men of Bethel and AI 123
mikvahs 122 the men of Bethel and AI 123 the men of the other Nebo 52 the sons of
the men of the other Nebo 52 the sons of
the men of the other Nebo 52 the sons of the other Elam 1254
the other Elam 1254
the other Elam 1254 the sons of hey room 320 the sons of
the sons of hey room 320 the sons of
the sons of hey room 320 the sons of Jericho 345 the sons of lawd haded and
Jericho 345 the sons of lawd haded and
Jericho 345 the sons of lawd haded and Ono 721 the sons of sanaya 3930 the
Ono 721 the sons of sanaya 3930 the
Ono 721 the sons of sanaya 3930 the priests the sons of Jedediah of the
priests the sons of Jedediah of the
priests the sons of Jedediah of the house of Joshua 973 the sons of amor
house of Joshua 973 the sons of amor
house of Joshua 973 the sons of amor 1052 the sons of pasher 1247 the sons of
1052 the sons of pasher 1247 the sons of
1052 the sons of pasher 1247 the sons of hey room 1017 the Levites the sons of
hey room 1017 the Levites the sons of
hey room 1017 the Levites the sons of gesture of kadmiel and of the sons of OD
gesture of kadmiel and of the sons of OD
gesture of kadmiel and of the sons of OD ver 74 the singers the sons of ASA 148
ver 74 the singers the sons of ASA 148
ver 74 the singers the sons of ASA 148 the gatekeepers the sons of shallow the
the gatekeepers the sons of shallow the
the gatekeepers the sons of shallow the sons of Aitor
sons of Aitor
sons of Aitor the sons of Talman the sons of jacob the
the sons of Talman the sons of jacob the
the sons of Talman the sons of jacob the sons of her taita the sons of Chauvet
sons of her taita the sons of Chauvet
sons of her taita the sons of Chauvet are 138 the Nephilim the sons of Ziya
are 138 the Nephilim the sons of Ziya
are 138 the Nephilim the sons of Ziya the sons of a supe the sons of Tabitha
the sons of a supe the sons of Tabitha
the sons of a supe the sons of Tabitha the sons of Kyra's the sons of Mosiah
the sons of Kyra's the sons of Mosiah
the sons of Kyra's the sons of Mosiah the sons of Paden the sons of Lavina the
the sons of Paden the sons of Lavina the
the sons of Paden the sons of Lavina the sons of hagatha the sons of Salma the
sons of hagatha the sons of Salma the
sons of hagatha the sons of Salma the sons of Haman the sons of kiddo the sons
sons of Haman the sons of kiddo the sons
sons of Haman the sons of kiddo the sons of gay har the sons of rihana the sons
of gay har the sons of rihana the sons
of gay har the sons of rihana the sons of reason the sons of Nakota the sons of
of reason the sons of Nakota the sons of
of reason the sons of Nakota the sons of gasm the sons of oz'
gasm the sons of oz'
gasm the sons of oz' the sons of pasilla the sons of B sigh
the sons of pasilla the sons of B sigh
the sons of pasilla the sons of B sigh the sons of me unum
the sons of me unum
the sons of me unum the sons of no fishes own the sons of
the sons of no fishes own the sons of
the sons of no fishes own the sons of babe
babe
babe the sons of her Kufa the sons of har-har
the sons of her Kufa the sons of har-har
the sons of her Kufa the sons of har-har the sons of Baz Leith the sons of mijita
the sons of Baz Leith the sons of mijita
the sons of Baz Leith the sons of mijita the sons of Harsha the sons of bar cause
the sons of Harsha the sons of bar cause
the sons of Harsha the sons of bar cause the sons of Sisera the sons of Tama the
the sons of Sisera the sons of Tama the
the sons of Sisera the sons of Tama the sons of Mosiah and the sons of uh tyfa
sons of Mosiah and the sons of uh tyfa
sons of Mosiah and the sons of uh tyfa the sons of Salomon servants the sons of
the sons of Salomon servants the sons of
the sons of Salomon servants the sons of so ty the sons of suffereth the sons of
so ty the sons of suffereth the sons of
so ty the sons of suffereth the sons of Parata the sons of Jayla the sons of
Parata the sons of Jayla the sons of
Parata the sons of Jayla the sons of dark on the sons of gittel the sons of
dark on the sons of gittel the sons of
dark on the sons of gittel the sons of japheth aya the sons of Hetal the sons
japheth aya the sons of Hetal the sons
japheth aya the sons of Hetal the sons of pakka ruth of zu bayum and the sons
of pakka ruth of zu bayum and the sons
of pakka ruth of zu bayum and the sons of emam all the Nephilim and the sons of
of emam all the Nephilim and the sons of
of emam all the Nephilim and the sons of Solomon's servants were 392 and these
Solomon's servants were 392 and these
Solomon's servants were 392 and these were the ones who came up from tell me
were the ones who came up from tell me
were the ones who came up from tell me l'm tell harsha cherub Adhan and immer
l'm tell harsha cherub Adhan and immer
l'm tell harsha cherub Adhan and immer but they could not identify their
but they could not identify their
but they could not identify their father's house nor their lineage whether
father's house nor their lineage whether
father's house nor their lineage whether they were of Israel the sons of delay
they were of Israel the sons of delay
they were of Israel the sons of delay are the sons of Tobiah the sons of
are the sons of Tobiah the sons of
are the sons of Tobiah the sons of Nakota
Nakota
Nakota 642 and of the priests the sons of Hebei
642 and of the priests the sons of Hebei
642 and of the priests the sons of Hebei oh the sons of caused the sons of tar
oh the sons of caused the sons of tar
oh the sons of caused the sons of tar Xilai who took a wife of the daughters
Xilai who took a wife of the daughters
Xilai who took a wife of the daughters of barzillai the gileadite
of barzillai the gileadite
of barzillai the gileadite and was called by their name these
and was called by their name these
and was called by their name these sought their listing among those who
sought their listing among those who
sought their listing among those who were registered by genealogy
were registered by genealogy
were registered by genealogy but it was not found therefore they were
but it was not found therefore they were
but it was not found therefore they were excluded from the priesthood as defined
excluded from the priesthood as defined
excluded from the priesthood as defined and the governor said to them that they
and the governor said to them that they
and the governor said to them that they should not eat of the most holy things
should not eat of the most holy things
should not eat of the most holy things till a priest could consult with the
till a priest could consult with the
till a priest could consult with the Urim and Thummim altogether the whole
Urim and Thummim altogether the whole
Urim and Thummim altogether the whole assembly was forty two thousand three
assembly was forty two thousand three
assembly was forty two thousand three hundred and sixty besides their male and
hundred and sixty besides their male and
hundred and sixty besides their male and female servants of whom there were seven
female servants of whom there were seven
female servants of whom there were seven thousand three hundred and thirty-seven
thousand three hundred and thirty-seven
thousand three hundred and thirty-seven and they had two hundred and forty-five
and they had two hundred and forty-five
and they had two hundred and forty-five men and women singers their horses were
men and women singers their horses were
men and women singers their horses were seven hundred 236 their mules 245 their
seven hundred 236 their mules 245 their
seven hundred 236 their mules 245 their camels 435 and donkeys six thousand
camels 435 and donkeys six thousand
camels 435 and donkeys six thousand seven hundred and twenty and some of the
seven hundred and twenty and some of the
seven hundred and twenty and some of the heads of the fathers houses gave to the
heads of the fathers houses gave to the
heads of the fathers houses gave to the work the governor gave to the Treasury
work the governor gave to the Treasury
work the governor gave to the Treasury 1000 gold drachmas fifty basins and five
1000 gold drachmas fifty basins and five
1000 gold drachmas fifty basins and five hundred and thirty priestly garments
hundred and thirty priestly garments
hundred and thirty priestly garments some of the heads of the fathers houses
some of the heads of the fathers houses
some of the heads of the fathers houses gave to the Treasury of the work twenty
gave to the Treasury of the work twenty
gave to the Treasury of the work twenty thousand gold drachma and two thousand
thousand gold drachma and two thousand
thousand gold drachma and two thousand two hundred silver minutes and that
two hundred silver minutes and that
two hundred silver minutes and that which the rest of the people gave was
which the rest of the people gave was
which the rest of the people gave was 20,000 gold drachmas two thousand silver
20,000 gold drachmas two thousand silver
20,000 gold drachmas two thousand silver Minna's and sixty seven priestly
Minna's and sixty seven priestly
Minna's and sixty seven priestly garments so the priests the Levites the
garments so the priests the Levites the
garments so the priests the Levites the gatekeepers the singers some of the
gatekeepers the singers some of the
gatekeepers the singers some of the people the Nephilim and all Israel dwelt
people the Nephilim and all Israel dwelt
people the Nephilim and all Israel dwelt in their cities when the seventh month
in their cities when the seventh month
in their cities when the seventh month came the children of Israel were in
came the children of Israel were in
came the children of Israel were in their cities